# R_and_R_Markdown_Example
To further showcase R code and in this case utilization of R and R Markdown two different case studies are presented. The first case study is an econometric data analysis related to the relationship between company size (based on revenues) and R&amp;D spend. The second case study looks at a sample data set from Stock and Watson analyzing the causal relationship between the GDP per capita and index of democracy. Including one R file for the second case study and the two .RMD (R Markdown) files.

# Overview
The current project was conducted to further present R code examples and the utilization of R Markdown. The first case study utilized data sourced from the R wooldridge library which represented economic data related to 32 companies. The analysis conducted wanted to understand the relationship, if any, between R&D spend and company size. The analysis looked to incorporate linear regressions with visual analysis components, histogram and scatter plots, as well as a detailed mathematical analysis of the data. This sample will look to present the R code utilized for the interpertation and analysis of the data and will not be covered here.

The second case study involved data sourced from Stock and Watson's studying the relationship, if any, between income and democracy. This data set compiled econometric data of 93 different countries to determine if there is a casual relationship between being a democracy and income per capita. The analysis explores a number of multiple regression models utilizing various R packages for statistical analysis and hypothesis testing. Here again I will utilize R code utilized for the interpretation but analysis will be kept to a minimum for showcase purposes (full inputs can be shared if you want to reach out to me directly). 
